start createCmnSpecDrawStruct(), cSpParts.Count = 2014
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 0
do iter begin
cSpecUnits.Add spunit
do iter end, qty = 1
